- [Instructor] Moving forward,
now we will create our WebFlux controller
and build our first endpoint.
We're going to add a GET endpoint to our controller.
Let's right-click on the base package, go to New, Package.
Let's name it "controller".
Right-click on that package,
go to New, and select Java Class.
Let's name it "ReservationResource".
Let's add in the @RestController annotation.
The @RestController annotation is a convenient annotation
that gives you the @Controller annotation
and the @ResponseBody annotation.
Now, let's add in a @RequestMapping annotation.
This will allow us to create a base string
that each endpoint can build upon
so that we don't have to copy and paste the same content.
Let's pass in the string "/room/v1/reservation/".
Let's type in forward-slash, room,
forward-slash, v1, forward-slash, reservation,
and then a trailing forward-slash.
Let's left-click and select that string
and then right-click, go down to Refactor,
Extract, and then let's extract it to a constant.
And go ahead and press Enter,
and let's close the project window for visibility,
and now we have that constant string available
for use where we need it.
Finally, let's add in a @CrossOrigin annotation.
This annotation is necessary because our Angular app
and our Spring application run on different ports,
even if they both run on localhost.
So technically, they are different origins.
This @CrossOrigin annotation will help you run
your Angular app and your Spring app together locally,
however, be careful,
this can be a potential security issue in production.
Now let's create a method to get a reservation by Id.
Let's create a public method
that returns a Mono that admits a Reservation.
Let's use Alt + Enter to import the Mono class.
Then let's name the method getReservationById.
Let's add on a @GetMapping annotation.
Let's pass in a path parameter
and set it equal to the string "roomId".
Let's surround the string "roomId" with curly braces
to indicate it's a path parameter.
Now let's pass in the parameter produces,
and set it equal to the constant
MediaType.APPLICATION_JSON_UTF8 value.
This indicates that this endpoint will return a JSON
using the character set UTF-8.
Now let's add a parameter to the method signature.
Let's add a string named "roomId".
Let's annotate that string
with the annotation @PathVariable.
Because the variable name and the path parameter match,
string will know to extract that path parameter
to this variable.
Normally this method would call a service implementation
to get the reservation, however we haven't created that yet.
So for now, let's return a empty JSON.
Let's type in return Mono.just,
and pass in a string containing a empty JSON,
and let's temporarily change the return type to string.
When we create the reservation service implementation,
we could change the method to return a reservation object.